<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- SOMETHING AUTO-GENERATED BY TOOLS - START -->

##random-passwords-generator

Random passwords generator is used to generating passwords that may contain alphabets, number and special characters. 

##Installation

`npm install random-passwords-generator`

##Usage
For the password to be generated, **PARAMETERS** should be passed as an optional **options** object.

The parameters may be passed as below :. 



    	options = {
    	  LENGTH: 10,
    	  ALLOW_ALPHABETS: true,
    	  ALLOW_UPPERCASE: true,
    	  ALLOW_NUMBERS: true,
    	  ALLOW_SPECIAL_CHARACTERS: false,
    	  EXCEPTIONS: "",
    	};

The parameters are 
1. **LENGTH** : the length of the password to be generated. **Default Value : 10**.
1. **ALLOW_ALPHABETS** : can take in a boolean value that decides whether teh password can have alphabets. **Default Value : true**.
1. **ALLOW_UPPERCASE** : if **ALLOW_ALPHABETS** is set to **true**, the ALLOW_UPPERCASE may be set to true or false. If true, the password generated will have both lower and uppercase characters.If set to false will have only lowercase characters. **Default Value : false**.
1. **ALLOW_NUMBERS:** : option  can have a boolean which  decides wherher the password generated may contain numbers.
1. **ALLOW_SPECIAL_CHARACTERS** : option accepts boolean value and decides whether the password may contain special characters. 
The special characters are :
```
  !#$%&'()*+,-./:;<=>?@[\]^_`{|}~
```
1.  **EXCEPTIONS** : exception takes in a string of characters that would not be used to generate the password. If "abc" is passed as exceptions, then the password willnot have the characters a,b,c

##Example
1. **No Options passed.**


    const passwords = require("random-passwords-generator");
    
    password = passwords();
    
    console.log(password);

In the above case, no parameter is passed as option. Therefore the default values will be taken - which will have alphabets, both upper and lower case, special characters and will be of length 10 characters. 

    ~v&D1%!Wy#

1.  **Length parameter passed. **


    options={LENGTH : 25; }   
    password = passwords(options);    
    console.log(password);
	
The password generated is 


    @sdZ#cf'ymHnwLcWPd'U0ESz`
	

1. ** Customized Parameter Passed**.


    options = {
      LENGTH: 25,
      ALLOW_ALPHABETS: true,
      ALLOW_UPPERCASE: true,
      ALLOW_NUMBERS: true,
      ALLOW_SPECIAL_CHARACTERS: false,
      EXCEPTIONS: "abcde",
    };
    passwords = password(options);
    console.log(passwords);

In the above case, the password generated will have alphabets, both lower and uppercase, contain numbers and special characters. The password will not have characters a, b,c,d,e



    Ox6.48v095FHLOxD5Jmg[t9?k


<!-- SOMETHING AUTO-GENERATED BY TOOLS - END -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
